Okay. So now our goal is to minimize the error function and we'll do it as follows.
We started some random weights,
which will give us the predictions σ(Wx+b).
As we saw, that also gives us a error function given by this formula.
Remember that the summands are also error functions for each point.
So each point will give us a larger function if
it's mis-classified and a smaller one if it's correctly classified.
And the way we're going to minimize this function,
is to use gradient decent.
So here's Mt. Errorest and this is us,
and we're going to try to jiggle the line around to
see how we can decrease the error function.
Now, the error function is the height which is E(W,b),
where W and b are the weights.
Now what we'll do, is we'll use gradient decent in order to
get to the bottom of the mountain at a much smaller height,
which gives us a smaller error function E of W', b'.
This will give rise to new weights,
W' and b' which will give us a much better prediction.
Namely,  σ(W'x+b').